Alvoid2021

The Alvoid festival is a gathering of friends, creatives, and like-minded individuals. join us as we make art, connect, explore, and party, on the playa! Be yourself, have fun and stay safe!
Around 70 people are planning on going to Alvoid this year!

I would like to attend!

We're getting dangerously close! Alvoid will be happening at the end of this month!! lf you are planning on attendnding, make sure your schedule is clear, you have what you need, and you've                  completed the survey!
thank you!
Who will be there?
Alvoid 2021 will highlight an array of performes and atrists! Here are some of the artists who will be attending the Alvoid:
KRYPTiC
Rapper based in Stayton, Oregon
Performing a ~45 min Evening set
[links to socials]


KRYPTiC (@krypticofficial) · THEWHITEHOTINTENSITYOFATHOUSANDSUNS
bleepy bloops
Electronic music producer based in Eugene, Oregon
Performing a ~30 min Night set
 @bleepybloops ·   bleepy bloops ·   bleepy-bloops ·   bleepy bloops


325 Gerbils · Kayak Bong

I would like to attend!  I would like to perform!
What should I expect from the Alvord?
The Alvord Desert is located 6 hours east of eugene in the four corners area between Oregon, Nevada, Idaho, and california. This lake basin desert landscape hosts the lowest light pollution in the lower 48 states, allowing a darker night sky, with more stars than almost anywhere in the United States. This unique landscape is 12-7 miles of totally empty space framed on all sides by mountains, providing a picturesque location for this festival. During the day the desert reflects the sky and creates mirages everywhere you look, and along with the stars and otherworldly sunsets It is truly in my top five Oregon locations. During the time of our festival the average temperatures range between 70 F during the day and as low as 30 F during the night. The area is also prone to sudden dust storms, but don't let this discourage you, it is a small price to pay for the beauty of this landscape. ( check the packing list to see what we recommend you bring)
     
What should I bring?
This page will remember what boxes you've checked, so you can use it as an interactive packing list! It won't work in incognito, or if you clear local storage.

Yourself
A good attitude
Sleeping situation ( tent, car, pad, blankets, sleeping bag, pillow, ETC..)
Water ( enough for you and all you are coming with for the length of the festival)
Food ( DITTO)
Toiletries
Clothes ( remember it gets down to 30 at night)
Trash bags Wet wipes ( for bathing, unless you want to pay a lot of money to use the hot springs on the other side of the desert, there won't be a way to bathe. Wet wipes work wonders.)
Dust mask
goggles
Costumes
Lights
Art
Gifts
A form of transport ( bike, longboard, onewheel, ETC…) cars can be used too)
Whatever you think will be fun!

Here's some things we've found to make life easier or create a lot of fun:
- BIG tent stakes
- Plenty o' string
- Large canopies and shade structures
- RC cars & drones
- Cameras
- Firewood
- More water
- Portable speakers (we'll be playing music at camp, but I'm sure you'll be away from camp plenty)
- Telescope
- Foam weaponry
- Art supplies
- Musical instruments (that you don't mind getting f*cked up by the playa)
What are the rules?
The Alvord desert is essentially the exact same landscape as black rock city, the location of Burning Man. Due to this, we will be fallowing many of the principles of burning man while attending In order to cartake the environment and foster a similar experiance.Burning Man Rules other than these principles, please stay safe, hold yourself and those you came with accountable, dont cause problems, and have fun!
notable rule differnces:
water waste:
Most of the alvord does fill with water so dumping water is less of a problem, please take it to the edge of playa and away from camp.
bathrooms:
we will not providing porta pots, there is a bathroom at the entrence, as well as at the hotsprings if you pay. Our suggestion would be to bring any portible toilet system you may have and or when you need to go, you also take a car full of people who need to go. if you need to pee, going to the edge of playa is also acceptable. 
At burning man I used a large container at night which would be taken and dumped at the bathroom in the morning. (its gross, but increadibly helpful)
How do I get there?

View on Google Maps

There will be gravel road no matter which access road you take. Make sure your vehicle can handle it, and make sure you have plenty of gas. You do not want to be stranded in the Alvord without fuel. There is a paved access road thru private property, and they charge like $5 or 10 for thru passage. The closest cheap gas is in Burns. You can get gas in Fields, but it's spendy.

What is your name? 
Are you definitely attending Alvoid? 
If so, how many other people are you bringing? 
Can you provide (or need) transportation? 
    If so, please leave your email:  
Or, are you considering attending? 
Do you want to/ are you going to perform? 
What is your artist's name? 
Where are you from? 
How would you describe your music? 
Please link your socials and streaming platforms: 

What infrastructure/useful items can you bring? 
 (ex. generator, sound system, shade structures & chairs)

Contact us at alvoidfestival@gmail.com